README.md, before:

# *****************************
# 2-Do-App-JavaFX
# ToyApp : 2do app using JavaFX
# *****************************

# Instructions to run.

# open the project with Intellij IDE.
# edit the username and password inside the config file which is present inside src/sample/api/config.py 
  Insert a gmail account and password by which you will send OTP. Allow 3rd party app permission from your google dashboard.
  by default i have provided a gmail which works fine.
# run the project


![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotSignUp.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotOTP.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotOTPRec.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotLogin.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotTask.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotTaskAdd.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotRemoveTask.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotSuggestion.png)

Commit message:

adding some modules and removing the old implementation, and adding windows exe to run the app.

README.md, after:

# *****************************
# 2-Do-App-JavaFX
# ToyApp : 2do app using JavaFX
# *****************************

# Instructions to run.

## open the project with Intellij IDE.
## open the project present inside 2-Do-App-JavaFX/2DoApp.
## run the project

# For Running the App on Windows Machine.

## first run the 2-Do-App-JavaFX\2DoApp\src\sample\DataBaseConfig\CreateDatabaseSupport.java file to create the required DB.Enter port no , username , password
## for your mysql DB.
## open Windows EXE Folder and run the file.

# Note : Application may not repond for few seconds after signUp page as SMTP Server takes time to send Email.  


![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotSignUp.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotOTP.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotOTPRec.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotLogin.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotTask.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotTaskAdd.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotRemoveTask.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/biku1998/2-Do-App-JavaFX/blob/master/Screenshots/screenshotSuggestion.png)
